hdparm: add page (#3915)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/hdparm.md

# hdparm

> > Get/set SATA/IDE device (HDD) parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Get/set SATA/IDE device (HDD) parameters.
```

> > Get/set SATA/IDE device (HDD) parameters.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Get and set SATA and IDE hard drive parameters.
```

> - Request identification info of the device directly from the drive:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Request the identification info of a given device:
```

`sudo hdparm -I /dev/{{device}}`

> - Get Advanced Power Management feature, if the drive supports it:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Get the Advanced Power Management level:
```

(does this still mean the same thing?)

Author: yes, it's cleaner

`sudo hdparm -B /dev/{{device}}`

> - Set Advanced Power Management value. Values 1-127 permit spin-down, and values 128-254 do not:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Set the Advanced Power Management value (values 1-127 permit spin-down, and values 128-254 do not):
```

> - Get Advanced Power Management feature, if the drive supports it. Possible  settings  range  from values  1  through  127 (which permit spin-down), and values 128 through 254 (which do not permit spin-down):

Reviewer: this needs to be simplified

`sudo hdparm -B {{1}} /dev/{{device}}`

> - Check the current device power mode status:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Display the a device's current power mode status:
```

`sudo hdparm -C /dev/{{device}}`

> - Force a drive to immediately enter the standby mode, usually causing it to spin down:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Force a drive to immediately enter standby mode (usually causes a drive to spin down):
```

`sudo hdparm -y /dev/{{device}}`

> - Put the drive into idle (low-power) mode, and also set its standby timeout:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Put the drive into idle (low-power) mode, also setting its standby timeout:
```

> `sudo hdparm -S {{standby_timeout}} {{device}}`

Reviewer 3: What is its unit ?

Author: Values from 1 to 240 specify multiples of 5 seconds

Reviewer 3: Ok, we should clarify that in the description.

> `sudo hdparm -S {{standby timeout}} {{device}}`

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
`sudo hdparm -S {{standby_timeout}} {{device}}`
```
